Update organizing-conversations.rst (#3465)
mattermost/docs: source/help/getting-started/organizing-conversations.rst

Archiving a Channel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Click the channel name at the top of the center pane to access the drop-down menu, then click **Archive Channel**. Anyone can archive the Public Channels or Private Channels they belong to.  In E10 and E20, the System Administrator is able to `restricted this permissions <https://docs.mattermost.com/deployment/advanced-permissions.html#system-scheme-e10>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the channel name at the top of the center pane to access the drop-down menu, then click **Archive Channel**. Anyone can archive the Public Channels or Private Channels they belong to.  In E10 and E20, the System Administrator is able to `restrict this permission <https://docs.mattermost.com/deployment/advanced-permissions.html#system-scheme-e10>`_.
```
